c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe.config
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.Resources.resources
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.xml
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.exe
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.xml
c:\users\silvester\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProthServer\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.exe
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.xml
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.xml
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Prothesys\ProthServer\bin\Debug\Nading Network Library Server.dll
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.exe
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.xml
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthMain\ProthServer\bin\Debug\ProthServer.exe.config
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthMain\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.exe
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthMain\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.xml
C:\Users\Silvester\Documents\GitHub\ProthGame\ProthMain\ProthServer\obj\Debug\ProthServer.pdb
